As long as you cure my sister’s illness
Name your price, I’ll pay
Don’t worry, the girl will be fine
She just needs some rest to recover
Go
Don’t worry
I’m fine
Back then, I gave up the family inheritance
And started from scratch with Fù Jiā Háo
Now that we’ve succeeded
He dared to put you in prison
And let female inmates torment you
My sister, Qín Fēng
When has she ever suffered such humiliation?
Little sister
This grudge
I will definitely avenge for you
Thank you, but
This grudge, I’ll take revenge myself
Alright
Lǐ Mèng
This
Is a special black card I prepared for you
With no spending limit
And that
00:01分为
Is a globally limited-edition sports car
Qín Fēng’s future
Must not lack money